more than 30 Palestinians have been
killed in Israel's bombing campaign of
areas across the Gaza Strip including
Han Yunis in the South and nsat refugee
camp in central Gaza in the north now
Israel is maintaining its heavy
bombardment overnight air strikes
targeted a residential area in tal zatar
many have been reportedly killed or
wounded there are operations to rescue
survivors trapped under the rubble aler
tar abom is in Han Yunis in southern
Gaza tar bring us up to speed with the
very
latest yes the Israeli attacks on the
Gaza Strip continued for another day
which considered to be one of the
bloodiest days uh since the early
beginning of this round of fighting
between Palestinian Fighters and the
Israeli occupation forces yesterday the
north of the Gaza Strip witnessed
massive bombardment by the Israeli
artillery and the Israeli Air Forces
targeting this time tat neighborhood
which considered to be one of the main
neighborhoods in Japan Valley or refugee
camp where different residential
buildings was were bombarded by the
Israeli occupation Air Forces uh till
now the death toll of the pal of this
attack still unconfirmed by the
Palestinian Ministry of Health but the
process of evacuating victims from under
the rles continues till now uh the this
refugee camp has been multiply hit by
the Israeli occupation Air Forces for
example yesterday the attack on Alura a
school has been uh very devastating as
more than 50 Palestinians were recorded
killed similarly the attacks on the
south of the Gaza Strip also continued
where a bra refugee camp was massively
hit by the occupation forces around 15
Palestinians have been uh killed
including also two journalists who have
been killed by the Israeli fires andat
refugee camp also in the middle
governate has been uh massively also
bombarded where 16 Palestinians have
been uh recorded killed so the majority
of the death toll in both areas are
considered to be around 31 Palestinians
and this is a very surging number and
the Israeli Relentless attacks on the
southern areas of the Gaza Strip
continued also kyuna City where we are
right now had had witnessed several air
strikes from several residential uh
buildings uh during the last couple of
hours and also during the last hour a
Farmland in Rafa district has been
bombarded by the occupation forces so
the attacks on the south of the Gaza
Strip continued which considered to be a
very safe place as Israeli forces are
recommending citizens from the north of
the territory to evacuate to the
southern area of Gaza Strip meanwhile
the attacks also continued giving a
clear indication that there is no any
safe place across the besieged
Enclave TK the World Health Organization
managed to gain access to gaza's largest
hospital yesterday Al shifa this after
the forced evacuation of most of the
medical staff and patients but the who
are saying that 291 patients remain
inside the hospital now the wh teams I
should say have left the hospital they
said it was to too dangerous to stay any
longer what is now happening to those
patients what is your latest
information yeah yes uh yesterday the
Israeli occupation forces had
recommended patients displaced people
and even medical workers to flee and to
evacuate a shifat hospital and to head
to the southern areas of Gaza Strip on
fo now the majority of those patients
and displaced people uh uh with are
combined with the uh medical work
have been evacuated to the south of the
Gaza Strip on foot and this considered
to be very risky Journey for them as the
majority of wounded people who were
suffering from very uh serious injuries
that prevent them from uh walking on
foot but they need to be pushed by
someone else meanwhile there are still a
number of uh medical team members we're
talking about around 25 medical staff
members are remaining in the hospital
alongside with two with 291 patients who
are prepared to evacuate the hospital
within from 24 up to 72 hours as the wh
has announced that the situation there
is catastrophic and those are prepared
to be transferred to the IND to the uh
European and even the anaser hospital in
the south of the territory but it's also
worth mentioning that these hospitals in
the South are very crowded with patients
and displaced people so uh they will the
capacity or those hospitals had reach
maximum their maximum capacity but they
are trying to host them and to try to
set Plan B for those uh wounded people
unless they will uh be sustained to
their wounds or they won uh they will
lose their life as they not being
provided with the the necessary Medical
Care in the southern area's
hospitals T kabum reporting from Kan
yunes inside the Gaza Strip thank you
very much